Here you go, remove the first 4 people.
You go to the neighbor's house to fix it, good little flower
Go ahead.
I told you everything you didn't know
Our family really doesn't have any background
Don't blame the old man.
If you want to blame it, why did you kill my brother in that dog day?
Wu Nong Fishing Sword Walking in Laozi's Cave
It's all your fault that your mother died of a pair of thorns
Impossible, my son is Mr. Han's
It's all a misunderstanding
The old lady's injury is fake
If it weren't for Mr. Li, there would be a big man behind him
We can't kill you
Throw this old thing down for me
Impossible
There's no way they'll die down there.
possible
Is it fog?
Wait for your son to come.
You go down and fight my brother
I killed you hahaha